Now who dares to disobey the deity
I don't accept it.
You think it's great that you're beheaded and reborn
You've lost a lot of true qi now
Has he reached his limit?
Ah, hey, hey, hey.
Your Ye family has been with you again and again
Are you really not afraid of the disaster of genocide?
I'm so scared
You don't think
You are the only one in the world
Reached the realm of the heart
His Highness the Poor is a migrant worker
Even so
Martial Dao Supreme is already the limit
All fortune tellers
The super strong man I didn't fight
The night team leader is gone
The law of heaven is clear
If you regret it
Heaven is not allowed
Sign in I fucking sign in
My fate is up to me
You don't think
Am I really for that little silver and copper profit?
I don't like it
I want it all
Am I crazy to find you?
Is that what you're talking about?
Of course I know what I'm talking about.
Do you know what kind of case this kid is?
He is from a thousand years later
Seven years later
Then do you know why he treated Zhao
The two Koreans are so hostile
That's because of these two families
Killed his family
It's a pity that this kid was lucky and survived everything
Not only after a thousand years
Cultivated the late emperor
Exterminate the Demon Realm
What a pity!
He was wrong in a grotto
This kid is just a little Loki now
Hahaha, what I said later is this.